So let's add one more option here which is the logo. And to do that WordPress makes it very easy.
You might think that we will have to add a setting of type image or something but we actually won't have to
touch the customize.php at all.
So WordPress has a feature. But it's one of these features that you have to declare that you will support
in your theme. So let's go to theme-support and let's add another feature.
And it's called "custom-logo". And it takes an array of options.
And these options are the "width" and the "height" of the logo.
So let's say 200 by 600.
But you can also give the user the ability to change these heights and we'll see how in a moment.
So we have an option "flex-height" and can set it to "true". And
"flex-width" and let's set it "true" also.
So declearing support for custom logo WordPress will add a new option in the Site Identity which is called
Logo.
And the reason why this is not available by default is because if it was available by default but you
as a theme developer did not display it here anywhere, it would be a bit awkward.
So by declearing that you will support the logo, it's your responsibility now to display it somewhere
in your theme.
So let's select any image.
So here we have the 200 by 600 crop area.
But since we have the flex-height and flex-width we can change these as much as we want.
If these were "false".
And let's refresh.
Then you won't be able to, you'll be able to increase the height and width but you won't be able to decrease
to make them less than 200 by 600.
You won't be able to change the aspect ratio.
So if you need to restrict the aspect ratio of the logo you can do that.
But I don't think it's a good idea.
I think we should let users change this to whatever they want. So let's do that and refresh again.
And let's now choose a logo.
And crop it to this with. So we now, we need to display it. And to do that WordPress also makes it very
easy.
So we go to the header.
So we want to display this logo if there is one and if not we will display the A tag with the site title.
So WordPress provide a function called, let's open PHP first, and a function is called has_custom_logo(). So let's check
"if (has_custom_logo())" is "true". And if so we'll call  function called th_ custom_logo().
And this will display the logo inside the A tag that links to the homepage exactly like we did with the
blog title.
It takes you to the home URL.
So else and close PHP. And then open PHP to close the else.
So if has a logo display it.
If not display the A tag. So let's see now.
And this will be the logo.
And now we have our logo in place.
There is a weird behavior here.
However if we remove the logo you should now expect the text to appear.
But for some reason I think it's a bug within WordPress or something you need to type again to refresh
and display it. So I sources for this problem.
And apparently other people are having it too so it's probably about within WordPress.
So I'll keep you updated about this.
If I found any solution. But it's not a big deal for now.
So I think that will be fine.
So let's carry on now and will create a lot more options as we progress in the theme. But for this section
let's create one more option. And this one will be quite challenging.
So we need to create a field that will be a color picker.
And when we pick a color we need to update the accent color of the theme. And by accent color
I mean this, I don't know, green color. And we need to it in every place
this color is used. So this will be a lot of work so see you in the next lectures.